New Structure & Contents (#31)
blindnet-io/blindnet.dev: docs/04-interfaces/index.mdx

---
title: User Interfaces
sidebar_position: 1
tags: ["introduction"]
---
import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';
import {useCurrentSidebarCategory} from '@docusaurus/theme-common';

> The blindnet devkit includes several user interfaces to allow different kinds of users to interact around Privacy Requests and help developers to execute privacy-by-design and privacy UX. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blindnet devkit includes several user interfaces allowing users of all types to interact through Privacy Requests and developers to execute privacy-by-design and privacy UX. 
```

Those interfaces are delivered as a collection of Web Components and JS libraries called [Privacy Components for the Web](https://github.com/blindnet-io/privacy-components-web).

This allows you to embed any of these user interfaces independently in any web page or application.

In its current state, the Privacy Components for the Web project provides:

- a Privacy Request Capture Interface (PRCI), allowing your users to assert their privacy rights by sending you [Privacy Requests](/docs/references/lexicon#privacy-request)

> - a Data Consumer Interface (DCI), allowing relevant members of your organization (e.g. system administrators or DPOs) to manage all Privacy Requests related matters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a Data Consumer Interface (DCI), allowing relevant members of your organization (e.g. system administrators or DPOs) to manage all Privacy Request related matters
```
